[Music]
hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a zombie horror film
the night eats the world
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
sam a broke musician living in paris
visits his ex-girlfriend someday
to recover music tapes left in her
possession
the ex-girlfriend who's busy holding a
party at her apartment however
has no time to treat and answer sam she
brushes sam off several times
before telling him the tapes are in her
study room unfit to such a noisy party
sam heads to the study room immediately
but is accidentally bumped by the
partygoer
once he reaches there he gets a nose
bleeding and then passes out on the sofa
to his total ignorance of the subsequent
screaming sounds erupting outside
the next morning same wakes up and is
about to leave with his music tapes
to his surprise he sees nobody there but
only finds the apartment trash with
bloodstains
all over the walls and floors shocked by
such chaos
he ventures into the stairway slowly but
discovers his zombified ex-girlfriend
who charges at him once catching sight
of a living human
sam shuts the door right away and locks
himself in the apartment
where through the window he's terrified
to see people being hunted in the
apartments across the street
and the death of a family on the street
as well who attempt to escape in their
car
in fear of the walking dead on the
street sam decides to stay in the
apartment
seemingly the only safe place so far he
cleans up the floor until he's aware of
some noises downstairs
and gets frightened up by a shotgun
blast piercing the floor
looking through the hole he discovers a
neighbor below has committed suicide
with a hole made big enough for him sam
searches down
and finds that the old man shot himself
after he killed his infected
wife sam retrieves their shotgun and
ventures
outside scrupulously after finding the
zombies in the stairway gone off to the
street
he quickly closes the doors to the
building to seal himself
inside believing that he has to stay
long in the apartment
he then explores the building's units
one by one for food supplies
music instruments and any valuable
materials
for any apartment with zombies he seals
it up and marks it for safe
later he finds a zombified old man in
the building's lift
he then binds the gate up facing a worse
situation in the following days
sam realizes that he has to minimize his
daily consumption of the remaining
supplies
as his loneliness increases by the time
he chooses to entertain himself with
some loud music
which however drives all the zombies to
the building
as an alternative to the loud music he
turns to practice shooting the zombies
with color bullets
as the human city collapses and the
winter approaches sam has to deal with
the water and heat shortage himself in
the building
fortunately he figures out a way to
collect rain water and create a
fireplace for heat
but sam's mental state continues to
decline due to the isolation
he's haunted by nightmares dreaming of
his being attacked
and eaten up by zombies trying to keep
healthy physically and mentally
he takes exercise in the building and
talks to the zombie old man locked in
the lift
who can actually speak but seems far
more lonely than human
as a result they develop a special bond
over the periods
someday he sees a stray cat wandering
among the walking dead
attempting to capture it as his
companion sam risked his life venturing
out for the cat
but to no avail what's worse he almost
gets killed by the coming zombies
eventually he fights his way back to the
apartment but he's later frightened to
notice the injuries in his leg
presumably caused by the zombies during
the struggle
sam attempts to kill himself before he
changes into a zombie
but fails his attempt later after
learning that he's actually not infected
by the virus
he turns joyful and rewards himself with
a hot bath
someday when he happens to see that the
zombies down on the street are all gone
sam walks out of the building attempting
to explore the outside world
driven by his fears of the unknown
dangers however he hesitates for a while
and returns to the building a comfort
zone that he's already been familiar
with
he then tests how far away the zombies
are by loudly playing a drum
set which however causes the walking
dead to return in swarms
and nearly climb onto the apartment's
balcony in rage and despair
sam continues to play loud before them
despite the danger
later that night while sam is still
overwhelmed by the environmental
isolation and mental emptiness
he hears some suspicious movement
outside his bedroom door
believing that it's the zombie he fires
the shotgun through it
but later realizes he shot a human girl
by mistake
sam attempts to give emergency medical
aid to the badly injured girl
who however passes out due to the great
pain
sam blames himself for what he just did
to the girl
but the next day morning he finds the
girl recovers from her injury
and explains to him that she makes her
survival with the ropes and grapple
hooks
she uses to jump between rooftops to
avoid the attack from the walking dead
on the streets
sam is super delighted with the girl's
arrival which rekindles his hope for
life
at least right now he can talk to a real
female person
rather than the old male zombie he knows
this is the best chance for him
to win her heart in the present eden
garden with that born mind
he builds his hormones with more
exercise and more exercise
pleases the girl with delicious food and
fine music and even risked his life to
retrieve supplies
from the lowest apartment occupied by
zombies
the girl however unwilling to stay in
such an eating garden forever
tells sam that he'll either die or go
insane if he doesn't leave the apartment
building
while sam believes there's no other
safer place to stay for humans
he then brushes her off but later
roulettes
as he returns and tries to say sorry to
the girl
he only finds the girl's rotten body on
the bed it's revealed that the girl has
long been dead
due to his gunfire and his conversations
with her were just
hallucination sam is brought suddenly
back to reality
and falls into great sorrow for the loss
of the girl
with a camera found from her bag sam
gets to know the girl has actually
observed him for a long time
before she finally made up her mind to
pay a hormone visit to sam
the only man left in this district
alright
this is why i hate the non-hormone film
so much the girls just gone dead
right before i could find any new words
for their upcoming human routine
okay this is daniel cc movie channel bye
enraged by his own stupidness sam
decides to leave the goddamned place for
an unknown world
he then sets the tapes on fire and
releases the old man out of the lift
who just walks away and doesn't attack
sam due to the long-term
relationship built with sam the burning
tapes set off a fire alarm
which drives the outside zombies crazy
they go on a rampage
and begin to attack the building they
soon break down the doors
and rush inside for any human flesh
killing several and avoiding their
violent scratches
sam retreats to the left and has a
narrow escape from the rampaging zombies
he then reaches the apartment right
below his ex-girlfriends
where he has a real hard time getting
rid of zombies who chased behind tightly
by following his smelly hormones built
from his too much exercise previously
with no time to regret that sam rushes
to climb up back to the ex-girlfriend's
apartment
where undercover of the strong smoke he
hides up his smelly hormones
makes his way successfully through the
zombies and finally comes to the rooftop
with all courage built up he ties
himself to the rope
and swings across the street to the next
building whose counter forces however
knock him out badly a few hours later
sam regains his consciousness finding
himself still hung in the air
he then climbs to the rooftop where he
stares out into the seemingly endless
skyline of the city from the tapping
sound of some medals
he believes that there must be some
other survivors in the far distance
hope today you all have learned how to
escape from the zombie more efficiently
this is daniel cc movie channel bye